in this video I'm going to show you how
to make some basic ear wires so your
materials that you will need is some 20
gauge wire flat nose pliers newport or
round nose pliers
measuring tape or a ruler and something
that you can bend the wire around I'm
going to use my ring mandrel and I'm
going to put it to the size one and
you'll first off you'll need to cut to
pieces of 20 gauge wire and you're going
to have each piece two inches long
so you're going to cut those two inches
in length and you'll have two of those
okay the first thing you're going to do
is take one of your two inch pieces and
your round nose pliers and you're going
to go to the tip and you're going to
make a small loop so the further your
wire is to the tip the smaller your loop
is going to be you're going to take that
and just roll that right around until it
meets just like so now what you're going
to do is you're going to take your dowel
or mandrel and you're going to take that
loop up you're going to hold that and
bend it around
just like this see that and now you'll
have just like so
and now what you can do is you can take
your chain nose pliers at the end and
slightly bend the tip just like that now
this is just a basic you're wearing
you're going to do the same thing for
the opposite so you're going to take
that at the tip just like that and
you're going to roll it make sure I can
stay in the camera view here have a bad
habit of getting out of camera view and
take that around until it meets the
other side then you're going to take the
dowel you're going to lay that on there
with the loop side up again and you're
going to bend that around just like so
now with practice you'll be able to do
this with both of these at the same time
and you're going to try your best to
keep the loop about the same and at the
end you're just going to bend it up just
a hair this one looks like it needs to
be round it just a hair more
just like so
now you have a set
of basic earwires
thank you for watching this tutorial if
you have any comments you know pop me a
line tell me what you guys want to learn
alrighty thanks bye
you